hey how's it going Dave 2d here so I've
been tweaking my setup at work I used a
laptop predominantly and I use a laptop
because I traveled pretty frequently for
my regular job and I just wanted the
ability to remove my computer take
everything with me no transferring of
files is just take my computer and go
because I do it pretty often now the
setup that have been using most recently
in my office is this it was meant for
work but a lot of the components in here
are built for gaming I tried not to gain
very much when I'm at work I mean it's
difficult not to because I have access
to a lot of good hardware but I just
found this setup to be a little bit
messier than it needs to be there's a
lot of wires a lot of extra stuff that
wasn't using very often so I thought it
would try to do something to clean it up
a bit and the big thing was this monitor
I wanted to go for something smaller
this time around and the wired
peripherals and the number of
peripherals that I had were just
unnecessary I wanted something a little
bit cleaner and with less clutter so the
first thing I picked up was this a
vertical laptop zone I've never actually
used a vertical laptop stand in my
regular setup until now and this one's
really good it's 23 bucks five-star
rating on Amazon it's super sturdy and
it'll obviously hold any of the thin and
light laptops like any of them back
books or XPS laptops but this thing can
actually open up to over two and half
inches and I've been able to fit like a
17 inch laptop in here like a gaming
laptop so you can go pretty wide on this
thing and it'll still do the job the
branding is lame it's got this
omote on branding on one side but the
other side is unbranded so you just flip
it around and you have this naked side
facing you now you have this clean $23
vertical laptop stand if you're worried
about air flow there are some laptops
out there that are obviously not
designed to be closed while running full
tilt and if it's sucking in air from the
keyboard then don't do this but most
devices out there like tend to have air
flow that comes in from the side and at
the back or vice versa and those will
run great on this laptops and the
Alienware display I swapped out for
something a lot cleaner this one's from
LG it's freaking fantastic it's a 4k
panel 27 inches but it runs at 60 Hertz
so it's obviously not designed for like
super hardcore high refresh gaming but
it's actually one of my favorite panels
on the market right now it's really
color accurate right out of the box and
it's got USBC support so if you have any
laptops that can charge via a USB see
it's a single cable that runs the whole
setup it also has built-in speakers that
actually sound pretty good they're not
gonna replace studio monitors or
anything like that
but if you just want a do that's cleaner
and louder than your laptop speakers but
without all the wires of power cables
and proper speakers these are really
good for that and there's also a cheaper
version of this display so it doesn't
have the USBC feature and also does not
have speakers I think it's like a
hundred bucks less which is pretty
significant considering what you're
losing there but the display panel is
exact same display and all of those
models support free sync for gamers now
there's one thing about this monitor
that kind of bugs me the marketing
material and on their website indicates
this HDR 10 feature and it's a little
bit misleading it's more of an HDR 10
experience it's not a CR 10 certified it
doesn't have a 10 bit panel it's not
bright enough for true theater level HDR
it comes in at 450 nits but it is
compatible with an HDR input like it'll
accept an HDR 10 signal and it'll
display it better than a lot of other
panels because it is super color
accurate but it's not an HDR 10
certified panel it's just a little bit
misleading of marketing but it's a
really good display for the money my
only other complaint is that the speaker
volume on MacBooks you have to adjust it
using the joystick on the front of the
monitor you can't adjust it using your
keyboard keys okay let's talk about the
lamp I normally don't like desk lamps I
find them usually quite ugly but I saw
this lamp in an Instagram picture and it
took me awhile to figure out who made it
it turns out it's from Xiaomi like the
company that makes smartphones and
laptops they make a lamp so this thing's
this LED lamp it looks really clean
really minimal and it's got this red
flat rubber cable on the back that looks
super clean I don't love the color I'm
probably gonna like Plasti Dip it or use
some kind of nail polish to turn it blue
but it's just a really good looking lamp
now there's an app to this lamp so it
actually has this program that you can
download from the Google store to change
the color temperature and stuff but I
was about to download it and there's no
way I'm installing this app it needs
access to way too much stuff like your
freakin contact list and location it's
just there's no way I'm gonna install
this on my phone so yeah for all intents
and purposes this lamp does not have the
ability to change color temperature
unless you have huge balls okay the last
thing I wanna talk about is this
headphone stand this thing is nine bucks
it's super cheap but it's another four
and a half star product on Amazon it's
very lightweight I wish it was a little
bit heavier but it's sturdy enough for
what I wanted to do and it looks clean
while getting the job done and there's
another version of this made by the same
company that also has a wireless charger
I tried that thing I do not recommend it
wireless charger is terrible and I think
the shape of that thing is just not as
nice looking so the cheaper one is
better in my books now to round this
thing off we have my wireless mouse of
choice the MX master 2s we've seen this
mouse a lot in my videos it's an
excellent wireless mouse and we also
have feed Revo keyboards so this thing
is called the thing it's called the
calibre that's the name of it and it's
just a really good keyboard it's really
inexpensive it's like 65 70 bucks this
is running blue switches they aren't
cherry switches they're Oh Tim switches
feel slightly different from cherry
blues but still a really good switch and
just the keyboard is Wireless and
mechanical with RGB lighting there's so
much alike about this thing and it's a
very clean aesthetic with no branding or
anything like that like most of the
cheap Amazon keyboards that have good
switches and stuff have some kind of
obnoxious branding this is super clean
to go with my super clean setup okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it subs if you loved it I'll
see you guys
[Music]